Okay, so this is the first gotcha I wanna show you.
I've added a new component to the sessions page,
where a attendee
can add their own private rating
to the talk, and add any notes.
And the way that it will work, or sorry, not so much
the way it works, is that to demonstrate the issue,
I'm reading the rating as a
prop type into the session.
So at the moment you can see that the value is four,
so whenever I refresh, it'll always be four.
I'm gonna set it to false for the time being,
so it should disappear.
And what I'm gonna do is change the session page
to read a query string parameter,
and pass that into the session.
Okay, so we're just gonna do rating equals query.rating,
so you can just do question mark rating equals three.
And we're gonna pass it into the session component.
And one thing I'm gonna do is, just to make it work,
is in this href, I'm just gonna stick
and rating equals four, three.
Just so that you can see how it works.
So when I click on the link, we have a rating.
It's not on this query string here,
because we have this "as," but I can add that as well.
Rating equals four. All right.
So you click on that, you can see, excuse me,
we click on the page, you can see it there.
And when I hit refresh now, it vanishes.
And the reason it vanishes is due
to a bug in our server code.
In our server code, the way this works, app.render,
we pass it the request, the response,
the path to the page that we wanna render,
so that's session.js, and this is the query.
And the query here, we've gone ahead and lost
the original query, so what we're gonna do
is we're gonna spread.
We're gonna do ...request.query, slug.
Okay, so we're spreading the query object
so that we end up with the full object
and adding in the slug into our render.
So we're gonna have to restart the server here,
because the server side are changed.
And now, we refresh.
Fetch is undefined, is that still undefined?
Oh, let's have a look.
Session, yes we missed that, hold on.
Import fetch from isomorphic-unfetch.
The reason that we never caught that is
because I don't think I hard-refreshed the page.
But now you can see that rating, that works.
So if I do it to five, it renders
on the server side correctly as we would intend.
So that is one of the gotchas in this boilerplate server.
So just remember to destructure
your request.query if you wanna get them.
Cool.